The Python Trivia
1. Pickling
What does the pickle function do in Python?
It shows up as a fake module 
Absolutely nothing
It convers an object hierarchy to denary format
It serializes and de-serializes a Python object structure
4
Pickling serializes and de-serializes Python object stuctures. Pickling is a way to convert a python object(lis, dict, etc.) into a character stream.
2. .append()
What does the append function do?
It updates a list by adding an object to the list
It deletes an object from a list
It's not a real function
It overwrites an object already in a list
1
The append function updates a list by adding an object to said list. It's not to be confused with the extend function, which is used to merge two lists or insert multiple elements. 
3. Showing output
What function is used to display output to a user?
Print
Input
Show 
Read
1
The print function is used to show output from a user. So if you said something like print("Hello"), you would get output saying hello.
4. Input
What does the input function do in python?
It allows people to write letters and numbers and other things on a keyboard to a list or something similar
It shows output to a user
It does nothing
It breaks a program because it's not a real function
1
The input function allows you to write things into a list or something similar. 
5. Loops
What does the while function do?
It isn't a real function
It loops indefinitely until something stops it
It stops after a certain point
It allows you to write in something
2
The while function is a loop that runs indefinitely until it hits a certain point that you have to write in. 
6. Loops
What does the for function do? 
It doesn't do anything as it isn't real
It loops something indefinitely 
It loops as long as the thing its looping on is true
It closes a file3
3
The for loop loops something as long as that something is considered true, unless told otherwise by using False.
7. Time
What does the .sleep function do when paired with the module time?
It delays output for a set amount of seconds of your choosing
It allows you to write input into a program
It doesn't do anything
If it runs, it says that the time module doesn't exist
1
The time.sleep() funtion allows you to delay output for a certain amount of time in seconds. So if you wrote time.sleep(5), you would delay the output of a program for 5 seconds.
8. Loops
What function can you use to stop a while loop?
Break
Stop
Quit
Return
1
The break function can stop an infinite loop.
9. Loops
What can be used to start an infinite loop?
While
For
Lists
Else
1
While will repeat a code indefinitely unless told to stop at a certain point or stopped using break.
10. Output
Which function would I use to display the message, "Hello World"?
Len
Float
Input
Print
4
The print function is used to display output such as the message "Hello World".